hold on let me get a few of them since
toxic so it's our New Hampshire Teddy
Justice hamster it's a European black
bear go ahead let them down we're going
to let it roll round
oh yeah bring it back in here put the
camera down the floor get a direct shot
boom Justin you gotta get out of the way
like he wants to say like there
Oh
coming to me I think he's going likes
Justin I think he wants me to Karen back
it could be a 10 minutes so I'll take
your time ten minutes
okay I smoothie store over here with
wired purse
yes you're in the way of it
come on lazy here you go oh it's going
to go that way I can a human camera are
you got stuck uh oh h-1 come to it oh
you stuck it can you move a little I can
see them from here I can see them from
here against yeah like your give hat
well do the other one is your hamster
nobody's gonna wrong way when we help oh
here it goes Hey ok keep your wife home
care or that close sprint cell gets
clear cache it from here oh there it
goes there knows it's so funny
it turns off now hey there how do I stop
that red button yeah